Improved instructions for custom image build with docker compose (#21052)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/docker-stack/build.rst

4) Once you build the image locally you have usually several options to make them available for your deployment:

> * For ``docker-compose`` deployment, open your ``docker-compose.yaml`` file and search for the phrase "In order 
>   to add custom dependencies". Follow these instructions of commenting the "image" line and uncommenting the 
>   "build" line. Then run `docker-compose build` to build the images. The image is stored in Docker engine cache
>   and Docker Compose will use it from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For ``docker-compose`` deployment, if you've already built your image, and want to continue
  building the image manually when needed with ``docker build``, you can edit the 
  docker-compose.yaml and replace the "apache/airflow:<version>" image with the
  image you've just built ``my-image:0.0.1`` - it will be used from your local Docker
  Engine cache. You can also simply set ``AIRFLOW_IMAGE_NAME`` variable to
  point to your image and ``docer-compose` will use it automatically without having
  to modify the file.

* Also for ``docker-compose`` deployment, you can delegate image building to the docker-compose.
  To do that - open your ``docker-compose.yaml`` file and search for the phrase "In order
   to add custom dependencies".  Follow these instructions of commenting the "image"
   line and uncommenting the "build" line. This is a standard docker-compose feature
   and you can read about it in 
  `Docker Compose build reference <https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/build/>`_.
  Run `docker-compose build` to build the images. Simoilarly as in the previous case, the
  image is stored in Docker engine cache and Docker Compose will use it from there.
  The `docker-compose build` command uses the same `docker build` command that
  you can run manually under-the-hood.
```

Reviewer: This would be a much more accurate description. There are several ways you can build an use image for docker-compose and they have pros and cons.
